Google Apps Script code which triggers on a Google form submission of tutor absences containing questions on tutor code (short answer), the subject they tutor (dropdown), which block they tutor the subject (multiple choice)and which blocks they are absent (checkbox). The form is linked to a spreadsheet which is accessed by the code, finding the tutor in the sign-in sheet and updating their absences (setting the corresponding cell to ABS). The code then searches for any team tutors on those absent days, emailing them if only one team tutor is available on a given day to inform them of the absences and ask if they would like a team tutor cover. The code then sets the absent cell of the absent tutor to ABS - TT Notified in the sign-in sheet. If there are no team tutors available available, the tutor's absent cell is changed to ABS !! and the tutors which tutor the same subject in different blocks are emailed to see whether they are able to cover the class. 

<p><b> For practical purposes: </b></p>

<p> If a tutor selects "Other" in the subject that they tutor, this means that their subject is not in the dropdown list. The likely reasons for this are that either the subject is niche and wasn't added to the dropdown list, or their subject covers multiple units (i.e. all units of a single subject). In this case, Ops will be sent an email of the absence and the tutor's absence won't be recorded until Ops does it manually. The checks for team tutors and finding class covers if necessary will ensue after the manual changes to ABS for the tutor.</p>

<p> If the tutor code is not found, Ops will receive an email for which subject and classes the tutor will be absent as well as their code. In this case, it is Ops' job to find the tutor as the tutor code may not be in the sign-in sheet due to not being added yet. This needs to be resolved manually by an Ops member.</p>
